# Deep Reinforcement Learning for Object Classification with Blurred Images 

Abstract: 
In modern times, robots are being assigned tasks that demand a higher level of caution. For instance, assistant robots are often designed to aid the elderly and childcare providers,requiring them to detect potentially harmful objects.This thesis delves into the complex, yet essential, task of developing algorithms for processing blurred iCub images in the robotics field, typically addressed with Convolu- tional Neural Networks (CNN). We propose a Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) framework that uses a pre-trained CNN model as a reward function, aiming to optimize classification accuracy. Ad- ditionally, the proposed research seeks to balance blur for optimal identification. The research introduces a Deep Q-learning (DQL) al- gorithm, which determines to blur, deblur, or maintain an image’s state. While computational challenges may affect these new tech- niques, our preliminary results showed that DQL did not lead to increase accuracy compared to the standalone use of the CNN. The accuracy remained at 60.4%, identical to the CNN’s performance when confronted with the same blurred data. It’s worth noting that the CNN achieved a remarkable accuracy of 98.2% on the validation data, which was not blurred. Despite these findings, we still believe that this work may provide a foundation for future research into image classification on blurred images. Consequently, we recommend addressing these limitations in future work and experimenting with different blurring and blind deblurring techniques. 

Data used from
- Murat Kirtay, Ugo Albanese, Lorenzo Vannucci, Guido Schillaci, Cecilia Laschi, and Egidio Falotico. 2020. The iCub multisensor datasets for robot and computer vision applications.In Proceedings of the 2020 International Conference on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI’20), October 25–29, 2020, Virtual event, Netherlands.
[Link to see description of dataset and access](https://www.crossvalidate.me/datasets.html)

